--- GENERAL ---
1. you don't have to start a new world for new changes to take effect or for the mod to work, LootTables are assets think
   of them like resourcepacks, so you can change them whenever you want.
2. delete the tables cache if you updated the config to apply the changes.
3. also delete the files if you ran into problems.
4. and you can also edit the tags and cache file for further customization,
   but be careful don't break the json structure because crash or missing tables cache could happen.
5. you can use the debugging configs to know everything the mod does to the tables.
6. the mod includes chat commands /findblock /findzone which both can be used to find chest and teleports you to it under one command.
7. most items in minecraft have COMMON rarity you can use EPIC and RARE to only protect the items that can't be crafted or hard to find,
   which is why they might be EPIC or RARE because they meant to be found in chests like Enchanted Golden Apple which is EPIC.
8. if you don't want to rarity checks to have no influence over the filters disable them, which will result in missing EPIC and RARE items.

-:removed eatable items:-
anything eatable is removed from minecraft eatables category item.isEdible function, ofcourse if they pass the rarity check.
I also blacklisted some items by default, while they should be protected with the rarity check:
golden_apple
enchanted_golden_apple
tropical_fish
pufferfish
rotten_flesh
spider_eye
poisonous_potato
golden_carrot
suspicious_stew
honey_bottle

-:removed tools items:-
anything tha fells under forge's tools category is removed, ofcourse if they pass the rarity check.
also use these tags
                    item instanceof DiggerItem || "axe,shovel,hoe,pickaxe"
                    item instanceof ShearsItem ||
I also blacklisted some items by default, while they can be protected with the rarity checks as well:
carrot on a stick
warped_fungus_on_a_stick
golden hoe
golden shovel
turtle helmet
elytra
shield
fishing rod
brush

-:removed armors:-
anything with tags (helmet,chestplate,leggings,boots) is removed from minecraft armor category item.isArmor function, ofcourse if they pass the rarity check.

-:removed ores:-
anything tha fells under forge's ores tags like ingot, ore, gem and so on. is removed.
blacklisted nothing by default so any netherite items are removed if rarity is high be careful.

-:weapon removes these items:-
anything tha fells under forge's weapon tags is removed, like projectiles, swords, axe, bows, and so on.
no blacklist here as well if you wanted to save certain item put it in block list,
while rarity and NBT filter will save most special weapons comes from mods and the game.

